(unsettling music playing)
- (rain pattering)
- (wind blowing)
(ancestral whispers)
(whispering continues)
- (tense music playing)
- (distant arguing)
Young Kasha:
They're coming.
Young Valya:
Mother Raquella didn't
share your beliefs.
Nor do others, aside from
your faction of zealots!
You heard what she said!
You swore to use every tool!
Sister Dorotea:
Because I did not want to fight
with her on her deathbed.
I honor
my grandmother,
but this great
work of hers
must be destroyed.
Young Valya:
I beg of you, don't do this.
Dorotea!
♪
(the Voice)
Stop!
Face me!
(water rippling)
What?
- What is she doing?
- I will never bend to you,
Valya Harkonnen.
Then take out your blade!
Valya, no.
Drive it into your throat!
(chokes)
(body thuds)
♪
(Sisters panting)
- Young Tula: What do we do?
- Sisterhood above all.
(shaken)
No. We should
walk away now.
- We were never here.
- It's no use.
They'll read us.
Then we must
speak the truth.
♪
Dorotea ended her life
by her own hand.
She was in anguish
over Mother Raquella's
death.
She was weakened
by grief.
Unstable.
Unable to see
a path forward.
Tula.
Go, we'll take
care of this.
♪
- (retching)
- There you are.
(coughs)
Are you alright?
I had no choice,
Tula.
She was going
to destroy everything
Raquella built.
- She forced my hand.
- I'm pregnant.
(light, tense music playing)
Orry Atreides?
Did he...?
(softly)
It wasn't like that.
Do you want
to keep it?
♪
I think so.
Then I will
support you.
We'll raise it
together.
What about the Order?
The policy to separate
children from their mothers?
When I'm
Mother Superior,
we can do
whatever we want.
I told you,
if you followed me here,
I would protect you.
This is
our family now,
our home.
Sisters above all.
♪
(singers vocalizing)
(music fades out)
(dramatic theme playing)
(singers vocalizing)
♪
(vocalizing)
(theme fades out)
(bird caws)
Sister Nazir:
When you sent for me,
I never expected
this kind of breakthrough.
Tula Harkonnen:
There's something
we're missing.
These images,
why do they appear
in every single
viral nightmare?
What I don't get
is the timing.
We believe the lesions
in Kasha's brain multiplied
over several days.
She survived with the virus
active in her system,
but at the Landsraad,
the victims died quickly
in the soldier's presence,
within minutes.
Kasha was
always exceptional.
She was a master
of Prana-Bindu.
And with
her history...
her family
was slaughtered
by the Butlerians
when she was only
a child.
I remember she once
told me that she had
this unique ability
to live in
the face of fear.
Fear.
That's what it's feeding
off of, this virus.
It begins
a chain reaction,
body attacks itself.
It's a bioweapon.
The question is,
who would've done this
to Desmond Hart?
- What do you mean?
- Surely a soldier didn't
bioengineer such a weapon.
It's far more likely
he's the virus's
first victim.
Um...
- We should help him.
- Well, the good news is
it's a physical contagion.
That means
we can transmute it,
like Raquella did.
We could produce
an antiviral.
Altering molecules
that already lie
within us.
We could
generate a cure.
It's the same process
Raquella used
on the Rossak poison.
Only our target
is different.
I'll do that.
I, I have the nightmares.
I've been exposed.
Mother Tula...
this will be
a dangerous procedure.
(light music playing)
With my medical
training, I am
uniquely qualified
to take on the task.
I've had
the nightmare too.
I can do it.
(slithering)
(exhaling)
Tula:
Go slowly.
(light, tense music playing)
The first stage
is to isolate
the foreign agents.
(shield whirring)
♪
Starting the transmutation.
(slithering)
(creaking)
Tula:
Good. It's working.
(light groaning, grunting)
There's something wrong.
It's adapting too fast.
Tula:
You've triggered
an active response.
The virus is
no longer dormant.
(labored breathing,
light groaning)
(tense music playing)
(gasps, breathing heavily)
Focus on
your training.
Adapt your responses.
(breathes deeply)
Good.
(presses button)
(cells slithering)
Your cells
are transmuting it.
Good...
Good, Nazir.
It's working.
(labored breathing)
(grunting, gasps)
Tula:
Nazir, be careful.
It's replicating again.
It's coming back stronger.
I see it!
The monster of Arrakis!
(grunts, breathing heavily)
(gasps) Eyes...
- I see them.
- Whose eyes?
They're watching him.
- (crying) They're watching...
- Who is watching?
I can fight it,
I can f-- (gasping)
I can't!
It's not human!
(grunting) The more--
the more I fight...
♪
- (flesh sizzling)
- (gasps)
(screaming)
(fire crackling)
(ominous music playing)
(crying)
- (thud)
- (grunting)
(heavy breathing)
(Keiran coughs)
(thuds, grunts)
How long has
the Sisterhood
been collaborating
with the insurgents?
(sighs) I don't know
what you're talkin' about.
(tense music playing)
You're tellin' me that
you didn't realize that
Valya Harkonnen
and her Order
were running your sham
of a rebellion
this whole time?
(sighs) I never thought
I'd see an Atreides
doin' a Harkonnen's
dirty work.
My father...
used to tell me
a bedtime story,
same one every night
about a monster
who lived among his people
when he was a boy.
And then one day,
on a hunt...
turned against them
and slaughtered them all.
He made sure I knew
never to trust a Harkonnen.
Then avenge
your family name.
Testify at the Landsraad.
(chuckles)
No, I've got no love
for the Sisterhood
or the Harkonnens.
But I hate you...
and everything
your emperor
stands for.
♪
(footsteps running)
(Ynez panting)
(grunting)
(cover clatters)
(zapping)
- I knew you couldn't stay away.
- (Ynez gasps)
- But to attempt to free him?
- Mother, what are you
doing here?
- He tried to kill us.
- He couldn't
go through with it.
Oh, you foolish,
lovesick girl.
That traitor
will say anything.
It's the truth.
And he is not wrong.
Father has lost his way,
you must see it.
You once said
you wanted me
to come to you.
I am here now.
I am asking
for your help.
What would you
have me do?
Let him go.
Send him off planet.
I never need
to see him again.
Just spare his life.
I wish you had
come to me sooner.
What are you doing?
(cuffs activate)
I wanted
to teach you
about power.
So, let this
be a lesson.
♪
- I'm going to miss this.
- Hm.
Now that Constantine
has gone to be
with his fleet...
there's no reason
for me to remain.
So, that was
your only reason
for coming here?
- Not the only one.
- No, stay. Stay.
I have business
in Zimia.
Not all of us can
stay in bed all day.
No, stay here...
on Salusa.
I can find a place
for you at the palace.
You can stay
as long as you wish.
(Francesca sighs)
I can't.
There were reasons I left.
Natalya knows
about us.
I think she'd be relieved
to end the charade.
I'm tired
of being patient.
You tell Mother Superior
I want to speak with her.
(ocean waves crashing below)
(door opens)
- Your Majesty.
- What is it?
I have news
about your daughter.
What about my daughter?
Arrested?
Princess Ynez?
Attempting to free
the Swordmaster.
The Atreides.
We have to act quickly.
Every moment
she's in that cell
puts her at risk.
A risk we can
exploit.
Javicco asked me
to bring you a message.
- He wants to see you.
- No.
Javicco Corrino's
reign is over.
Your plan is
working, Valya.
My imprint still holds.
He wants to give me
Natalya's mantle.
Don't be naive.
He can't divorce
without damaging
the coalition.
It would put
the whole Imperium
on a course to war.
- Then I'll get him
to release Nez.
- No.
No more waiting.
Corrino has
forfeited his right
to live out
his reign in peace.
Sister Theodosia...
we are going
to free the Princess,
get her to safety
outside the city
until her coronation
can be assured.
I'm ready,
Mother Superior.
There is something
that we are not seeing.
Some piece on the board,
just out of view.
(light, tense music playing)
It's time
to change tactics.
He...
he's the father
of my son.
I'm sorry, but you knew
this day might come.
(music intensifies)
(music softens)
Young Kasha:
Is this what I think it is?
Young Valya:
It's Raquella's great work.
This is
the breeding program?
(scoffs)
It's a thinking machine.
Young Tula:
This is dangerous, Valya.
In responsible hands,
any tool can be used
for the betterment
of humanity.
Our entire race nearly
died fighting machines.
Anirul's quarantined
from all other technology.
It processes only
the problems
we feed it.
The mind can't be
controlled forever,
artificial or not.
What about
Raquella's mind?
This is her vision.
Anirul, search
the genetic index
of the entire Imperium
across generations
to find us the union
we need.
Anirul:
Paternal prospect identified.
(energy surging)
Javicco Corrino,
the young prince.
And future emperor.
More prone
to stability
than strength,
but with
the right match...
Anirul:
Maternal prospect identified.
Young Kasha:
Natalya Arat.
Young Valya:
Prone to ambition and faith.
A daughter born
to their pairing
would have all
the traits we desire.
A tremendous aptitude
for the Sisterhood.
How do we ensure
she joins the Sisterhood
before taking
the throne?
With our finest Truthsayer
by her father's side,
of course,
bringing her
under our wing.
This Natalya
is still a child
and Javicco Corrino
is not yet emperor.
- Anything could happen
before then.
- Yes...
unless we send someone
to keep Javicco occupied
until Natalya's ready
to stand by his side.
You mean imprint
on him?
They will have a daughter.
She will be our empress.
We pledged
to put a Sister
on the throne.
This is how
we do it.
But Dorotea's disciples
will try to destroy it.
That's why they
can never know.
They already share
her suspicions.
(light, tense music playing)
Sisters,
I need to speak
with Tula alone.
Young Kasha:
Of course.
Young Valya:
Anirul, show her
what you showed me.
Anirul:
Accessing genetic library.
(energy surging)
Young Valya:
Couldn't help but be worried
about a child of the Atreides.
Our bloodlines have
never intersected
until now.
Anirul: Analyzing
Harkonnen-Atreides profile.
Tula, your child has...
incredible potential.
Anirul predicts that
with the right guidance,
- he could shape
the trajectory of worlds.
- He?
(light music playing)
It's a boy.
Young Valya:
We can guide him together.
Don't you see?
Your child is destined
for great things.
(singers vocalizing)
(music intensifies)
Anirul, Sister Nazir
detected something...
inhuman.
Something that grew stronger
the harder she fought it.
Anirul: You're talking
about a thinking machine
on a nanoscale?
Yes, a viral technology
that lies dormant
in our cells
that has been engineered
to kill on command.
If I could discover how
he triggers the attack...
- I could disarm him.
- Anirul: If a machine virus
is receiving commands
from your son,
eliminating him will stop
any future attacks.
Anirul, my son was
not born a weapon.
He was made into one.
Anirul:
Then what will you do?
Mother Tula?
I'll go to him.
(tense music playing)
(ship whirring)
Reverend Mother:
It appears she left
in a hurry.
A shuttle off the planet?
I don't understand.
How can she
abandon her position
at a time like this?
We cannot let
this get out.
Reverend Mother:
She didn't leave
any instructions.
She didn't
tell anyone...
(wind blowing)
♪
(Jen breathing heavily)
(grunting)
Sister?
Is this necessary?
- I feel fine.
- It's for your own safety.
This will be over soon,
Doe Eyes, I promise.
Can you not, at least,
loosen the restraints?
I was trapped in that
tank for so long.
And now I'm bound up here
like some type of criminal.
(breathing heavily)
Please.
(tense music playing)
(restraints creak)
(needle stabs)
♪
(exhales)
(tapping)
Bashar...
who gave you permission
to arrest my daughter?
That is between
you and your wife.
She found your daughter
trying to free
the Swordmaster.
No.
I don't believe you.
Open your eyes,
Your Majesty.
Or does that witch
have you so blind
you can't see
the truth?
- Your wife is trying
to protect the Imperium.
- You're right.
Which is why
I've decided to send her
on a tour of goodwill.
With Arrakis
soon in hand,
we need to
reinforce our ties
with the other
neo allied worlds,
and with her connections,
who better to send
as an emissary?
Let's not pretend
this is about strategy.
This is about you spending
more time with your mistress.
Francesca's more
than a mistress.
Your Majesty,
it was a Sister
from her Order
who plotted
your murder.
I found her robe hidden
among the stolen spice.
But where is
the proof of that now?
- Up in flames.
- I am only offering
the truth as I see it.
The Sisters are
stoking rebellion.
Yeah, so you
keep saying.
Mother Superior
and I have...
have had our differences,
more than once.
But our bond
goes back decades.
And much as I appreciate
our, uh, relationship
and the unique contribution
you make to my reign...
you're not my only advisor.
You're gonna
bring them back,
aren't you?
(tense music playing)
You're choosing
their counsel
over mine?
♪
Sisters, I know
you're scared,
but we must band
together in faith.
♪
(Sisters murmuring)
Lila?
Why are you cloaked in silence
and chattering in secrecy?
It's a miracle.
Where are the rest of you?
Lila, your eyes.
Answer the question.
The divine reckoning
Raquella spoke of
has come to the Sisterhood.
People are frightened.
Lila, how are you
even here with us?
I found a way back...
despite the efforts
of others.
Where is Valya Harkonnen?
Mother Superior is
on Salusa Secundus.
Mother Superior?
Mm.
I need to speak
to Sister Esther-Cano.
Find her.
Bring her to me now.
♪
Where is Sister Avemar?
Sister Gessie?
I've been reading
about them.
The Butlerian Sisters
who disbanded after
Dorotea's suicide.
I've been
working to revive
their tradition.
Suicide?
No.
(struggling, screaming)
(panting)
♪
(breathes deeply)
- (bones cracking)
- (screams)
(breathing raggedly)
(cracks)
(sighs heavily)
(peculiar music playing)
(whirring)
How did you do that?
Finally. I knew they
were here somewhere.
(tense music playing)
What are
those files?
The Mentat Sisters
keep logs.
I need to find
the records
of my faithful.
- Your faithful?
- (sighs) There you are.
You will learn
your place, acolyte.
- You knew about this?
- I don't have time to explain.
- We need to contain her.
- More secrets.
You're just as bad as they are.
You don't understand
the situation.
(softly)
Tula saved her life,
but her ancestors have--
She is unstable.
She is
not herself.
No... she's not.
♪
Mother Dorotea.
They're gone...
all of them.
I told you,
your followers
disbanded.
They've been erased.
Who could've done that?
Dorotea (as Lila):
Only the Mother Superior...
Valya... Harkonnen.
♪
(singers vocalizing)
Valya Harkonnen:
We need to get
the Princess to safety.
The most efficient way
for me to get in
is to be escorted directly
to the suspensor cells.
How are you
gonna do that?
I'm gonna get arrested.
Tell Corrino I agree
to his meeting.
guard: Mother Superior.
The Emperor
has called upon me.
Francesca:
Even if you get yourself in,
how will you get her out?
I will ensure
our escape.
An acolyte?
The Sisterhood
draws women
from many worlds.
But even within that group,
Sister Theodosia is unique.
♪
(landing thuds)
Sister Francesca,
thank you for
the invitation.
Of course.
I've been looking
forward to your visit.
Theodosia was bred
by Tlulaxan geneticists.
I was their
experiment.
Mother Superior gave me
sanctuary when I had
nowhere to turn.
She's the reason
I'm alive.
You won't be
disturbed here.
♪
(Theodosia grunting)
(flesh squelching)
(groaning)
And Javicco?
♪
(singer vocalizing)
The needle is coated
in meta-cyanide.
It will be quick
and painless.
♪
Sisterhood
above all.
Natalya...
we need to talk.
You're angry
about Nez.
- You don't get to do that
without consulting me.
- Really?
And yet, you're going
to send me away,
and you don't even
have the backbone
to tell me yourself.
Well, you wanted
a more active role
in governing
the Imperium.
Now you'll be
heard by millions.
I won't be
going anywhere.
You will do
as you're commanded.
I'm afraid that's
not the case.
(footsteps approach)
♪
For your own safety,
perhaps it's time
to let clearer heads
prevail.
You swore you served
only me.
You made your choice.
Nez was right
about you.
- And what when the nobles
get to hear about this?
- They won't.
Because it's not
in your interest
to tell them.
Oh, this house
is still yours,
Javicco.
You will continue
to wear the crown
and act accordingly,
but going forward...
my counsel will not
be ignored.
♪
(exhales sharply)
(footsteps approach)
Excuse me, sir.
(Javicco clears throat)
Mother Superior
is here.
Where?
♪
Where is she?
Your Majesty.
(swords clink)
What do you think
you're doing?
What I should've
done years ago.
Clarifying our positions.
Valya, I'm glad
you're here.
I need your help.
You were right.
I never should've
trusted Desmond.
He and Natalya,
they want to use me,
make me their puppet.
Please...
if you can find a way
to rid me of this monster,
we can go back
to the way things were,
the Sisterhood
by my side.
I'm sorry, but you'll
never be free.
The truth is, Emperor,
you are a weak man.
You've always needed
someone else to hold
the strings.
You've simply traded
one puppet master
for another.
We've been shaping your path
since before you were born.
Every decision
you've ever made,
we made it for you.
We were the ones who
made sure your father
took the throne
so that it
would fall to you.
We bought
the unallied worlds
under your banner.
We sent you Francesca
to keep your attention.
You were only ever
an assignment.
- One of many.
- I don't believe you.
Your wife doesn't
respect you.
Your daughter's
lost faith in you.
Your Bashar is simply
using you for his own ends.
You didn't really think
Francesca loved you,
did you?
How could she?
It's not
your fault,
Javicco.
It's who you are.
It's in your blood.
It's why we chose you.
- Why are you telling me this?
- Because you don't matter.
It's Ynez
that we want
on the throne.
Your time
is coming to an end.
Arrest her.
♪
Arrest her!
Get her out of my sight.
♪
Sister Emeline:
Mother Dorotea,
let us help you.
(indistinct chatter echoing)
I died here.
(light, tense music playing)
(chatter gets louder)
- Young Valya (the Voice):
Dorotea. Stop!
- (blade slices)
(breathing heavily)
(echoing)
Face me!
(water rippling)
(echoing)
Take out your blade!
Drive it into your throat!
(ominous music playing)
(plunks)
(wind blowing)
What are you doing?
(metal tool clangs)
The Harkonnen sisters
have been lying to you
about the history
of this place.
This Order was grown
on blood-soaked roots.
♪
It's time
you learned
the truth.
- (clanking)
- (grunting)
(grunts)
(grate clatters)
(Lila grunting)
(deep rumbling)
(water crashing)
Dorotea's Disciple:
Do not curse God
for the punishments
you inflict
upon yourself.
Humility is the foundation
of all our virtues.
Sisters:
Humility is the foundation
of all our virtues.
- The Harkonnens.
- (Sisters murmuring)
(tense music playing)
Dorotea and I
didn't always agree.
But we were
still Sisters.
That she took her life
in anguish pains me
more than you know.
Mother Dorotea
would never
have left us.
- Sisters: Never.
- (murmuring)
For the Order to survive,
we must be united.
- There is no other way.
- Young Kasha:
She speaks truth, Sisters.
- You can read it.
- You are no Mother Superior.
(Sisters agreeing)
Mother Valya has
a vision for us.
Listen to her,
Sisters, please.
(murmuring)
(suspenseful music playing)
(whirring)
(curious murmuring)
(gasping, murmuring)
I see some among you
do not accept my leadership.
The choice
is yours.
♪
If you won't
follow me forward,
you can follow
Dorotea's example.
- (the Voice) Choose!
- (Sisters gasping)
- (blade slices)
- Choose!
- (the Voice) Choose!
(the Voice)
Choose!
- (slicing)
- (screaming)
(the Voice)
Choose!
(groans)
(thudding)
- (body thuds)
- (panting)
(soft, tense music playing)
Young Avila (petrified):
I will follow you.
(blade clatters)
Sister Avila...
we can't have a whisper
of this get out.
(trembling)
Yes, Mother Superior.
♪
(singer vocalizing)
(music fades out)
(door opens)
- (door closes)
- (footsteps)
Javicco.
What's wrong?
I've reconsidered.
It's time you moved on
to your next assignment.
Save your lies
for someone else.
- Valya was--
- She told me everything.
She seems to think my rule
is not long for this world.
Why is that, Francesca?
(light, tense music playing)
Valya's plan.
Never mine.
- Ynez (muffled): Keiran.
- (Keiran groans)
Keiran.
♪
- (normal) Keiran.
- Nez.
- You shouldn't be here.
- Valya (the Voice):
Release me.
Hold out
your sword.
(music intensifies)
(grunts)
Mother Superior,
behind you!
(guards grunting)
You remember
Sister Theodosia?
She will be taking
your place until we
can set things right.
It's an honor, Princess.
- We need to leave.
- Not without him.
Go! Go with her.
Ynez Corrino:
I won't leave you here.
Your Grace,
that's not possible.
I'm not asking.
If we convince
the Great Houses
the Sisterhood
was behind the plot
to assassinate
the High Council,
they'll authorize retaliation.
- And the Sisterhood
will have nowhere to hide.
- (bangs on door)
- Sir, I need
to speak with you.
- Then speak.
The Mother Superior's
been arrested.
She came to see
the Emperor,
Your Highness.
I thought she'd been
barred from the palace.
- She's in the holding cell
with the other prisoners.
- (sighs)
Of course, she is.
Sound the alarm.
Lock down the palace.
(tense music playing)
Theodosia,
this is a grave risk.
(grunts)
(alarm wailing)
I won't be able
to protect you.
This is why you
brought me here.
Let me do
what only I can.
I will buy
you time.
You have
a fierce will, Sister.
I admire that.
♪
Come.
Good luck.
♪
(fighting, grunting)
Wait.
Back of the palace,
Sister Theodosia left
a suspensor car.
- There's too many guards.
- I know a shortcut, this way.
♪
- Find them.
- guard: Yes, sir.
You, go left.
You, right. Upstairs.
Hmm.
(breathing raggedly, grunts)
- What happened?
- Mother Superior, she said...
What?
Mother Superior,
she said...
(softly)
Yes?
- Sisterhood above all!
- (stabs)
(groans)
(grunts)
♪
(groans)
(blade clatters)
(winces)
(crackling, flesh squelching)
(labored)
Get this monstrosity
up in suspension.
(Desmond groans)
- Guards!
- Javicco.
Stay away from me.
- Please listen to me.
- No, no, no.
I see it all now.
Give me the knife.
What's to stop me
from killing you
right now?
You can't.
The imprint won't
let you hurt me.
♪
What was the plan?
Is that poisoned?
Valya's plan.
We can find a way
through this...
together.
And how do I know that's
not what she wants?
Huh?
You know, it's a...
it's a strange thing
when you finally realize
you've never known
one true moment of freedom.
But I can control this.
♪
- (grunts)
- (gasps) No!
♪
(alarm wailing)
Valya:
We need to get
to the spaceport.
They'll be grounding ships.
We'll have to move fast.
(ship powering up)
(guards shouting)
(breathing heavily)
(shouting)
(whirring)
(fleet whirring)
(solemn music playing)
- Javicco, stay with me.
- (Javicco wheezing)
Stay with me, Javicco.
Javicco.
(Francesca softly shushing)
(gasps)
♪
(breathing heavily)
(wheezing, groaning)
♪
(breathing raggedly)
(Javicco stops breathing)
(breathes deeply)
♪
Natalya (screaming):
The Emperor's been killed!
(wind blowing)
♪
My Sisters,
I have come to you...
to unearth the truth.
These are the remains
of our most faithful.
(shocked murmuring)
(singers vocalizing)
Valya Harkonnen
murdered them.
(Sisters murmuring)
You need
to get Tula.
She needs to know
about this.
Tula isn't here.
♪
Mother Dorotea.
The Sisterhood
has lost its way!
But I will not be
silenced again!
In the name of all
who have fallen...
I will return us
to our righteous path!
(tense music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
(metal banging)
♪
Anirul:
Anirul initializing.
(energy surging)
♪
- (yells)
- (zaps)
(Anirul powers down)
(baby whining)
♪
(baby cooing)
(baby coos)
My sweet boy.
(light music playing)
Barely in the world
and already you know
so much sadness.
(softly)
You are so special.
You deserve the chance
to find your own path.
Not Valya's,
or the Harkonnens',
or the Sisterhood's.
Or mine.
♪
(softly)
That's the gift I give you.
(door creaks)
♪
Be free.
(baby whines)
Not what anyone desires
you to be.
(melancholy music playing)
(baby whining)
Will he be loved?
The midwife says she is
an itinerant laborer.
Gave birth this morning
to a stillborn, as expected.
She has love
in her eyes.
- (baby whining)
- And the means
to travel far away.
(crying)
♪
(sniffling)
(baby crying)
♪
(door opens)
(door closes)
♪
(singers vocalizing)
(music intensifies)
(door whirring)
(music fades out)
(muffled)
Aunt Valya?
(tense music playing)
(muffled breathing)
(slithering)
(energy zaps)
♪
(static shuffling)
Valya:
Head for the fuel depot.
We can land there.
(ship whirring)
(landing thuds)
There's a passageway through
to the next terminal.
It'll help us avoid
any checkpoints
being set up.
(fleet whirring)
- This contact of yours,
he can get us off planet?
- Yes.
We just need to get
to his station.
He's got access
to a courier ship.
He can smuggle us
onto the heighliner.
(distant thud)
Hurry, it's there.
Go... take Ynez.
I'm going to slow
them down.
- Mother Superior--
- I'll follow when I can.
I'm trusting you
to get her to safety.
You owe me that.
- I'll do it for her.
- Desmond Hart: Spread out!
♪
(the Voice)
Stay where you are!
- (blade slices)
- (guard grunts)
Defend me!
(guards grunting)
Kill him!
(grunting)
(swords clattering)
(ancestral whispers)
♪
Desmond Hart...
you say
you've seen my end.
Show me.
(softly hissing)
(gasps)
(thumping)
(thumps)
(clatters)
(music intensifies)
(Valya gasping, panting)
(blade clatters, body thuds)
(music fades out)
(wind blowing)
male voice (echoes):
Valya!
Valya! Help me!
Help!
(screams)
Griffin!
(strong winds blowing)
(ice cracking)
(tense music playing)
Griffin!
(the Voice)
Swim!
♪
(ice cracking)
(shuttle whirring)
(landing thuds)
automated voice:
Attention. The spaceport
is on lockdown.
Please make your way
to the checkpoints.
(indistinct chatter)
Attention. The spaceport
is on lockdown.
Please make your way
to the checkpoints.
(ancestral whispers)
♪
(whispering continues)
(spaceport chatter continues)
You need to report
to the checkpoint.
(grunts)
(body thuds)
♪
(fighting, grunting)
(shield zaps)
(fighting resumes)
(Ynez shouts)
- (shouting)
- (shields zapping)
- (Ynez grunts)
- (guard thuds)
automated voice:
Attention. The spaceport
is on lockdown.
- Please make your way
to the checkpoints.
- (grunting)
(guard yells, grunts)
(body thuds)
♪
(exhales)
(struggling, grunting)
- Valya: Griffin. Griffin.
- Tula: Valya.
(wind blowing)
You can't fight it.
It's not human.
It's a machine.
(Valya whimpering)
(Desmond groaning)
- Tula: Valya.
- Valya.
It's okay.
I saved you.
Tula:
You have to let go.
You have to let go
of your fears.
(breathing shakily)
(whispers)
That's it.
(echoes)
Valya...
You did this.
You killed me.
You killed us all.
♪
No! Valya.
- Griffin!
- Tula: Don't!
(screams)
Griffin!
(Valya panting)
No. You cannot fight
this battle with strength.
(screams)
Griffin!
Griffin Harkonnen (shouts):
You did this!
(panting)
(screams)
Griffin!
Valya, no, don't.
The harder you fight,
the faster you burn.
♪
(ice cracking)
I know you're afraid.
(Valya whimpering)
I'm afraid too.
♪
You have to let go.
All the fear,
all the pain.
You can't
run from it.
You can't fight it.
You have to let it
pass through you.
♪
I see the worm.
(Desmond breathing raggedly)
It's coming.
(whispers)
Let it come.
(ice cracking)
(loud rumbling)
(thumping)
(voice growling)
- (electronic whirring)
- (person panicking)
- (slicing)
- (person groaning)
(zapping)
(groaning)
- (person panting, groaning)
- (voice growling)
(gasping)
(gasps, panting)
I saw it.
What?
What they did to him.
Who did it?
I couldn't make
out a face.
But they're using
a thinking machine.
- They've put one inside him.
- Wait!
His eye is the virus.
♪
He's their weapon.
Tula:
Valya.
(the Voice)
Stop!
(panting)
What are you doing?
He's my son.
(light, tense music playing)
No, the...
the baby died.
I've given you
everything, sister.
But I couldn't
give you him.
You lied to me
all this time?
It was for
his protection.
From what?
♪
You think I'm
a monster, sister?
All the carnage,
deception...
all by your orders.
But your hold
on the Sisterhood
wasn't fixed.
I could've broken it
at any time.
Why didn't I?
Because
we're the same,
you and I.
Two wolves...
born to feed
with no care
for the cost.
♪
If my son had
the potential that
Anirul promised...
he deserved
a better fate than us.
(groaning)
You've handed him
to our enemies.
There is
another hidden hand
grasping for control.
We were not the only ones
to realize his potential.
Whoever's behind this,
they saw it too
and they have
harnessed it.
For the good of us all,
let me end this now.
No. He's their victim.
Please let me save him.
I can resolve
this threat...
if you're not
afraid to trust me.
(grunts)
(labored breathing)
I'm not afraid
anymore, Tula.
The reckoning
is still upon us,
stalking us
from the darkness.
If the shadows
are where they
want to fight...
then that is
where I shall go.
The decision is yours.
♪
(gasping)
(groaning)
(emotional music playing)
(singers vocalizing)
♪
(sniffling)
Arrest her.
(tense music playing)
(music softens)
♪
(ship whirring)
(singers vocalizing)
♪
(landing thuds)
- (breeze blowing)
- (sand rustling)
Ynez:
Arrakis.
Come, Princess.
The path to our enemy
begins here.
♪
(dramatic music playing)